hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2001 action car film The Fast
and the Furious
so let's good start the film opens with
undercover LAPD officer Brian O'Conner
being assigned to an investigation for
some stolen electronics and infiltrates
the LA street racing scene Brian
participates in a street race
going up against Dominic Toretto aka Dom
with the winner taking home the other
racers car brian's engine blows and just
as he is about to surrender his car
the LAPD arrives and everyone flees DOM
is nearly caught by the cops but Brian
saves him the two meet up with some
Asian racers that Dom has a rivalry with
named Johnny Tran and Lance win Brian's
car is destroyed and Dom tells Brian
that he owes him a new 10-second car or
in other words a car that can complete a
quarter mile in under 11 seconds
Brian begins working at Dom's garage and
Brian also begins dating Dom's younger
sister Mia while investigating who is
responsible for the electronics eyes
Brian is confronted by DOM and his
henchman Vince which he is able to throw
them off his scent and gets them to help
him investigate lance and trans vehicles
and their garage Brian there notices a
shipment of electronics in the garage
that is most likely from the stolen
truck Brian also has a new car built a
1995 Toyota Supra meanwhile Brian
reports the batch of electronics and
Tran and Lance are arrested however it
turns out that the electronics were
illegally purchased and they are both
released so now Brian starts to believe
that Dom may have stolen the goods which
is unfortunate as Brian has started to
develop a friendship with Dom at a big
race in the desert called the race wars
one of Dom's henchmen named Jesse loses
to Tran but flees before giving up his
car Tran confronts Tom accusing Dom of
reporting him to the police
Brian later that night realizes that DOM
is actually at the trucks hijacker Brian
reveals his undercover role to Dom's
sister Mia and convinces her to reveal
the locations of the stove
goods Vince Dom and Dom's girlfriend
Letty as well as another henchman named
Leon prepare to steal another semi-truck
however the drivers are now armed with
weapons and have aggressive
countermeasures during attempted
hijacking Letty's cars flipped and
Vince's shot Brian and me arrived to
save Vince Dom arrives and Brian decides
to blow his cover in order to get Vince
medical attention Dom leaves with Mia
and the rest of the crew Brian arrives
at Dom's house to arrest him but jesse
is killed in a drive-by by Tran and
lands Brian and Dom pursue them and Dom
rams Lance's bike before he can shoot
Brian Brian shoots an interest Ram then
pursues Dom leading to a quarter-mile
drag race to beat a train hence the
focus on a 10-second car the race ends
with no clear winner both escaping the
train but Dom smashes his Dodge Charger
into a truck Brian's up deciding to give
Dom his car instead of arresting him
making good on his promise to give him a
new 10-second car in a post-credits
scene we see DOM has escaped to Mexico
driving a 1970 ship up so that was the
spoilers for The Fast and the Furious if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on the various forms of social
media listed below remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]